Assignment 2 - Design Thinking


How could design thinking help you? Can you actually design a traffic intersection, define its rules and create a top view diagram of the same. Also, san you list down the usecases it will solve for and rooms or areas of improvement for later iterations. (like time dimension, e.g. one way between 7AM to 9AM)


Design thinking would help me to emphasize the problem first. In this process, we need to first understand the basic needs of the resident of Chicago, it can be done by doing a survey or asking community members of the main areas. After we know the problem, we need to figure out the needs and make a solution, this process will be cover in define and ideate stage. Once we know the idea, we make a prototype, which is by building the intersection as per the needs of the people. On the final stage, people will test that roads and intersection, if they found any problem then our team can go back to the process and fulfill the requirements.

Design thinking will give us a good start on building roads and intersection, even if we miss some things, it will be minor because all steps will done considering the opinions given by the people.

We can design the traffic intersection with some set of rules like:

Red light cameras on every traffic signal to make awareness about following the traffic rules .
2. Heavy trucks should not be allowed in city between 9:00am - 9:00pm.
3. There should be standard bus stops and benches on the footpath.
4. There will be proper traffic signal where ever necessary like no entry, one way, stop, no heavy vehicles etc.
5. There should be crosswalk signal across every street, so that it give extra space to pedestrian.

These rules can be applied on the intersection  for the safety of pedestrian and the vehicles.

Use cases:

Above rules can also help for other inters-action as well like:

We will have less traffic on busy timings as we have prohibited heavy vehicles like truck from 9:00 am to 9:00pm.
Red light camera will aware people to obey traffic rules because if they dis-obey they would have to give high penalties. This will also help us to decrease road accidents.
Crosswalk signal will give help cross roads freely, as it would aware drivers to stop at the crosswalk signal.
Proper traffic signals will make drivers and pedestrian life easy, as it would provide clarity for everyone.

