


Assignment 1 : - Product Mindset


					Smart Jamboard By Smart who


Smarto who jam board tool make life of school and institution easier by providing virtual whiteboard with several features.

Smart jam board can be access through our website and application. It provides the virtual jam board(ie white board) which will be access to everyone who so ever join the jam room. When student will join the jam room through LMS, they will see the jam board. Where as on the left of the jam board, there will be chat window for everyone to chat while the lectures.To make jam board more interesting, we have add more colours and feature.Our product has ability to track the name of the person who so ever is using the white board while the class. To summarize the features, look at the list below that our product provide:

Change colour of back ground and pencil.
Drag the images from internet ,if needed.
Save all the data by itself, no need to do it manually.
Keep track of the students who has joined, no need to take attendance.
5. Sketch a box, star, cat, or dragon. Image recognition technology converts your sketch into a polished image.
6. Ability to drag and resize images and add styles.

In pandemic, we observe that institution were not able to adapt the remote culture of teaching.On other hand they didn’t have enough technology and infrastructure to get a good start. So Smarto jamboard fulfill this gap by providing proper assistance to the staff through out  the subscription. It is also easy to learn for everyone, though we will provide tutorial to our customers which will help them to understand the product and its features.

“We are excited to help our customer to become more productive toward remote teaching” said Himanshu vansal, VP of Product at Smarto who, with Smart Jamboard we will be releasing the first ever virtual white board, which is quite easy to use.

It is very easy to get started, customer has to create account with us through our website or app. We will call them within 24 hours and explain all the detail about the product, they can also book a demo and decide whether they want to move forward with us or not.

“Smarto jam board has make our student more efficient, they are  able to grasp things much better, since we were worried about the remote teaching but this product make our life much
easier” said by Jonathan, principal of St Johns.

Create your account on our platform, and book a demo with us.






FAQS:

How can I start using Smart Jambard?

You have to create an account at our platform and book a demo with us. Please feel free to call us at +1289941890

How much does it cost?

We have a subscription modal, but our initial package starts at 1,50,000 with 1 year of subscription . Price will vary from customer to customer.

Do we provide technical support?

Our dedicated team will provide you 24/7 assistant, in case you need help, you can call us at +13945678001

4. What If I want to cancel subscription?

You can cancel the subscription within one month and you will be refunded full amount. But, if you want to cancel after one month, it will be non-refundable.


5 .How it is different from google jam board?

Google jamboard is very expensive, and it is not easy to use for some of the customers. Where as, Smarto who is easy to use, as we will guide you first with our product and provide you 24/7 assistance.

